still gonzalo
but it runs square of a large balloon the
his good finds it very well
red comes in true penalty
I still wanted power all the way
breaks the door
the Colombian euro to zero after 13 minutes
before it was sadistic to take me to
will have to defend some reds there is not
succeeded in this case very good
noticed in consciousness he waited a lot
while very very wide then he hit
once again closed on the break
Pavlovic and soon he had seen little
but when an acceleration starts
tuned maybe in the middle of the area
rigor if there was someone movement e
two attackers
then he concluded of power from below
largest grand tour character
player i was saying leave
also shot in the yellow bridgestone is
a great street of the Roman grasshopper e
cuadrado really spectacular football
check in the run and when he notices
doubling of not being able to give it in
half marks as beating against
the arsenal
the same location same as whole shot a
the big center forward was a big one
striker he would do the outside but if
learn how to make this car throat thorium
there are no changes, not even the grasshopper
then we start with the Florentine is in
possession of the ball that you 22 of
first time for the Florentine and door
cerreto then with sun rodriguez savic e
facundo roncaglia while today he suffered
cm red that can go to gomez
regular position for jumping gomez
all and already own goal for the 2 to 0 immediately
the Florentine doubling but it goes
assigned as ansaldo todi greeting
hand sees the same 20 viola that of
departure in the middle of the field ready as
coordinator was just Giuseppe
red as in the first half yes
lower him for and maybe then color the
gomez service that also hurts
on this action that perhaps seeks to
get the very good red goalkeeper
because he trusts the passage to decline
the super pi in also very long defense
half to now away very well then
defines perfectly with a touch
here comes maybe to skip the
goalkeeper then there is the own goal serious proof
made August between the doubt mario gomez
which then gets hurt
this is this couple that you are
integrating very well if director than in
first time we see clearly and then
kicks gripping hurts gomez that doesn't
finds his first official goal but little
it matters because in fact it is as if
he had it packaged since
greeting to take away the left a
empty door touched the ball in the net
fat most booed shipping
by the referee matej jug trentina si si
lower all to defend land costs
on the second pole forgotten alone that
marks the goal of nur the a2 beating ne
do on the first pole
all watching the wind on the second
palo no one marked natal even in the
first time there was an opportunity of the
kind came a little square delay
movie maybe you were watching it closing yes
they are talking
we see them here on the second post the ball
it is quite wide long roncade could
even do two meters for maybe
move to which undisturbed can
put it on second pleasures of reason
also this position a little maybe see
here the shit looks at the man with borja
are worth to cuadrado and for the tra must do
the fifth when they forget in
this case looks concentrated says
man jokes what half an hour from the end
does not change scale in the middle of the goal of 1
a 2